
Lambda compared to a tradional college will save you time, and money. Typically with a tradional college you're taking classes that may not 
benefit you too much such as liberal arts. It's not to say liberal arts is bad - infact they're amazing but if you're trying to learn new 
concepts about high level arithmetics then you'll want your main focus on the involvement of said subject. In the podcast Austen states he probably
learned 100x more while inside school learning about mozarts history than he would of outside the academy but it simply wasn't benefiting him to get 
a nice nest egg first. By that I mean an amount of money where he is comfortable enough to relax, and further learn about subjects not relating to his main 
interest. So he hit a double homerun with that - he saves his money issues by landing a $120K / yr job, and time by not spending it on unrelated material.





Spirit of Independent Learning
------------------------------


1. What are the two modes of thinking described in this video?

Imposter syndrome is is very common and applies to almost everyone. There will always
be a point where we experience it but recognizing that it exists will help a lot.
"I grew up in a small rural Utah town before moving to SanFran. When looking around in 
the rural town you look at a guy and say "That guy is just as capable as doing this as I am.""
This was a great excerpt from the podcast w/ the CEO! Pretty much saying 'If he can do it; I can too!'. 

- Imposter syndrome will bite you hard but you can do it. Work hard, study and give it your best. 

- Understand that no one is perfect, we all have flaws and we can overcome them. 

2. Do you think the Pomodoro technique would help you with procrastination? 

This is the first time I've learned about the Pomodoro technique, and I find it highly interesting! Coming from
someone who procrastinates all the time! This technique is how I've decided to take on the task of writing this synopsis
about the interview actually, and it seems to be working thus far :-). I'm going to start applying this to future tasks, and 
give concrete evidence but for now my thoughts about it is - YES! I think it'll help with procrastination. It'll give me 
time to relax for a minute, and collect my thoughts thus not jumbling up everything together, and losing select 
vital tidbits.

3. Describe what is meant by 'illusions of competence in learning'. 

This can get tricky in this field specifically I believe. Imposter syndrome is extremely common for me, and when I finally
learn a new concept I tend to move onto the next concept. This might be an area I need to work on, and change! I can fully 
understand why this is important because reinforcing current knowledge is something I've been working on for the past couple months 
now, and I still don't see myself as a 'master' of anything in the field. An example would be completing the free code camp 'basic javascript' 
section. I'll try to do this at least once a week (110 exercises) to REINFORCE what I already know! The point I'm trying to make is you can never
stop learning! 

4. What are some studying tips you might implement after watching this video? 

Remain focused - Concentrating on what you're trying to learn 

Take breaks - The pomodoro technique is just beautiful, and I'm extremely happy I've learned about it. Reward yourself for working 
diligently, and acknowledge you've done a good job! It's hard to remain focused on new concepts because your brain instantly resorts to the 
new things you're learning to be pain. Taking that 5-10 minute break every 25 or 30 minutes will not only be refreshing to the mind but also 
expedite the entire learning process! 

SEE the problem so that you may determine a solution. 

Make it fun - Try to enjoy what you're doing. Be it building your own website, running your own linux distro on a server, or maybe building a 
browser extension to do something you've always wanted. Share these ideas with your friends, family and anyone who may encourage you so that 
you reinforce the ideas! 

------------------------------
Outcomes Based Assessment
------------------------------

1. How are outcome based assessments different from traditional testing?

Traditional testing is typically much more of a linear way of testing. The answers are either right, or wrong. I rather enjoy 
outcome based assessments more due to the fact we can express our answers to questions in our own thoughts. It's not exactly specifying a 
a method of instruction leaving the teachers free to use what best method they see fit. I think this'll help the teachers corner individual and 
unique problems the student may be facing, and solve those quicker. 

Of course students are still expected to do their own learning, so they may gain a full understanding of the curriculum. 

2. Describe what a “1”, “2” and “3” mean on assessments

An ordered list showing the student which task to complete first, and so on so the student may have a clear path of learning.
	

3. Describe the process of “flexing” at Lambda School
To flex on a project would be to retake it, and understand some things that may of went over head without you even knowing it. 
Lambda will allow a 1 on 1 with an instructor to help you ace it if you need to flex something. 
